
Mister J is a very distinguished professor, but he also has a dark side to him. He feels being free is a waste of time and therefore he wants his students to be permanently busy.
The students have NN vacation days, which are v1,v2,…,vnv1,v2,…,vn (all distinct). Administration ensures that students get a minimum of 4 such vacation days.
Mister J has a set of projects, each of which occupies the students from DD to D+T−1D+T−1 days (inclusive) from the announcement date DD. (Different projects' timelines may or may not overlap) 
He can deploy at most MM projects, each of which occupies the students for the same number of days TT. He can choose any announcement date DD for each project (it can be different for different projects). 
But he does not want to get into trouble with the administration for issuing very lengthy projects. So he needs your help in finding the minimum integer value of TT such that he is still able to use his set of MM projects to occupy the students for every single vacation-day that they get.
Mister J doesn't want the projects to be too short, so he ensures that the number of projects MM is less than the number of days NN.
Input
The first line of input contains 2 integers NN (4≤N≤1054≤N≤105) and MM (1≤M≤25,M<N1≤M≤25,M<N).
The next line contains NN space-separated integers v1,…,vNv1,…,vN (1≤vi≤108)(1≤vi≤108) (all vivi are distinct)
Output
Output only one integer, the minimum possible value of TT.
Sample Input 1
6 4
2 1 5 6 12 11

Sample Output 1
2

Explanation
Mister J can deploy three projects.
The first project will cover the vacation days 1 and 2, the second project will cover the vacation days 5 and 6, and the last project will cover the vacation days 11 and 12.
Therefore, we can minimize the project length to 2 days, cover all the vacation days, and give ≤4≤4 projects.
Hack case note
Find the buggy solution to this problem on GitHub or Drive.
This problem is part of DeCode contest, wherein you are given a problem (as given above) and its buggy solution (link in contest announcement). You have to submit a program that outputs a hack case to the buggy solution. Your program's output should satisfy the input constraints of the above problem.

Author:
3★akcube
Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/PROJOVER
Tags:

               
                 akcube, binary-search
                 
               
             
             

                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

N/A
Date Added:
8-02-2021
Time Limit:
2 secs
Source Limit:
50000 Bytes
Languages:
CPP17, PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, SQLQ, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM

Submit