
 
Fluffy was the judge of another programming contest. This time, there are n participants and k problems. Each contestant makes exactly one submission for every problem. Each participant has his own ID, which is numbered from 1 to n. Initially the ranklist consists of the n participants, and the scores of each participant are 0. The contestant with the highest score will be placed on top of the ranklist and so on. If there are ties, the one with the higher ID goes first.

Every time a contestant makes a submission, it is possible for his rank to change. Every time this happens, Fluffy will clap his hands and shout in excitement. Now, you know the scores of each participant's submissions, but you don't know when they submitted their solutions. However, it is known that each participant submits his solutions in order, which means he will submit his solution to problem i before submitting his solution to problem i + 1 for all i. You have to figure out the maximum possible number of times that Fluffy will clap his hands if you can pick when a contestant makes his submissions. Note that all contestants must submit at different times.

Note that even if some contestant was in last place and after his submission he is in first place, Fluffy will only clap once and not once for every person he overtakes.
 
Input
The first line contains two space-seperated integers, n and k, the number of participants and the number of problems in the contest. The next n lines contain k space-seperated integers, where the j-th integer of the i-th line denotes the score of the submission of the i-th contestant to the j problem.
 
Output
Output a single integer, the maximum number of times Fluffy could clap his hands.
 
Constraints

1 ≤ n, k ≤ 1000
1 ≤ Score of submission ≤ 109

Subtasks

Subtask 1 (48 points) : 1 ≤ n, k ≤ 300
Subtask 2 (52 points) : Original Constraints

 
Example
Input:
2 3
5 3 7
1 2 2

Output:
3

 
Explanation
Example case. Initially, contestant 2 is on top of the ranklist and contestant 1 is at the bottom. One of the possible ways to get Fluffy to clap 3 times is to let contestant 2 submit his first two solutions, and let contestant 1 submit his solution to problem 1, which makes his rank change from 2 to 1. Next, let contestant 2 submit his solution to problem 3, which makes his rank change from 2 to 1. (note that they are tied but contestant 2 wins because he has higher ID) Finally, let contestant 1 submit the rest of his solutions. He will overtake contestant 2 once and makes Fluffy clap once more. The total number of times Fluffy clapped is 3, which is the maximum possible.

Author:
6★zscoder
Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/MCO16302
Tags:

               
                 easy, greedy, mco1602, zscoder
                 
               
             
             

                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

N/A
Date Added:
22-11-2016
Time Limit:
0.7 secs
Source Limit:
50000 Bytes
Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3

Submit