
Divesh loves water, and more than that he loves quenching the thirst of others with water. Today he is on a mission to quench the thirst of people in the city. The city is in the form of an N×MN×M grid denoted by AN×M. Furthermore, the city is divided into regions. Each cell in the grid has an ID denoted by Ai,j. Each cell can have at most 8 neighbouring cells (Top Left, Top, Top Right, Right, Down Right, Down, Down Left, Left). Now, a region is a connected area of cells with the same ID. Two cells are said to be connected to each other if and only if they have the same ID and they are neighbours to each other. The size (or area) of a region is the number of cells it contains.
Now, Divesh can only visit a single region for his task and he has only K units of water with him, each of which can be used to quench the thirst of people in a single cell. He wants to utilize all of the K units of water he has. If he cannot utilize all of the K units of water in any region, then he doesn't have any choice but to abort the mission. Otherwise he has to select a region in which the number of choices are minimized, as he hates selecting from a number of choices offered to him. Suppose if he can visit a region for his mission with size X, then he can have multiple ways of choosing K cells among those X to be helped. Divesh hates discrimination so he wants to find a region with the minimum number of choices (because he knows how it feels being left out).
Can you help him find the minimum number of choices? (Since it can be large, so find it modulo 109+7)
Input:

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains three space separated integers N, M and K.
N lines follow, for each i (1≤i≤N), the ith of these lines contains M space separated integers Ai,1,…,Ai,M

Output:
For each test case print a single line containing an integer denoting the minimum number of choices modulo 109+7.
If it is not possible to find such a choice, print −1 in a single line.
Constraints:

1≤T≤10
1≤N.M≤105
1≤Ai,j≤N.M, for each valid pair (i,j)
1≤K≤N.M

Subtasks:

30 points: 1≤N.M≤100
70 points: original constraints

Sample Input:
2
3 3 2
1 1 1
1 2 2
3 3 3
3 3 5
1 1 1
1 2 2
3 3 3

Sample Output:
1
-1

Explanation:

Example Case 1: There are a total of 3 regions here, and the number of 2−choices are minimized when we select the region formed by cells A2,2 and A2,3.
Example Case 2: There is no valid 5−choice here (the grid is exactly the same as in case 1).


Author:
5★ankushkhanna
Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/DWW19E
Tags:

               
                 ankushkhanna, ankushkhanna, breadth-first-search, combinatorics, depth-first-search, disjoint-set-union, dwwu2019, easy-medium
                 
               
             
             

                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

N/A
Date Added:
29-12-2019
Time Limit:
1 secs
Source Limit:
50000 Bytes
Languages:
CPP17, PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, SQLQ, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM

Submit