
Chef has invited Alex and you to visit his ice cream factory. While exploring the factory Alex saw an endless row of boxes, he asked Chef about it. Chef explained that these boxes are filled with Ice Creams and they can take a box with them if they can count and tell how many Ice Creams are there in N th box. But there is a twist you both can only open one box to see how many Ice Creams are there except the N th box, then you have to tell the exact number of Ice Cream in the N th box. Alex and you both agreed to it. Alex and You both thought that it is impossible to tell how many Ice Creams are there in the N th just by looking at only one box so you suggested that you both should work together and if successful then Divide the Ice creams between yourselves, Alex agreed to it. Alex opened the first box and found that it contains only 1 Ice Cream, then you opened the second box and found that the box contained 3 Ice creams. But even with that, it was nearly impossible to tell which box contained how many elements so you requested Chef to help you. 

The chef being your best friend couldn't refuse you so he told you that number of Ice cream in the box following a pattern given by the formula
Bi =(Bi-1 + Bi+1 - 1) ÷ 2

Your task is to Find The number of Ice Cream in the Nth Box.
Note:he Number can be too large so compute it Modulo 10 9+7

Input

The first line of the input contains an integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
After that each test case contains a single integer N denoting the position for which you have to find the number in the array. 
Output

For each test case, output a single line containing number at The Nth position
Constraints

1 ≤ T ≤ 10 6
1 ≤ N ≤ 10 9
Example
Input:
2
1
3

Output:
1
6

Author:
1★rahul_ojha_07
Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/CAICE
Tags:

               
                 ad-hoc, mathematics, modulo, rahul_ojha_07
                 
               
             
             

                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

N/A
Date Added:
22-01-2019
Time Limit:
1 secs
Source Limit:
50000 Bytes
Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM

Submit