
Read problem statement in Mandarin chinese and Vietnamese.
Suzumo is the coach of the ChefLand OI team. Physical condition is very important in any olympiad, so he wants to make the children run a bit as a warmup.
The team consists of NN children numbered 11 through NN standing at some positions on the xx-axis. For each valid ii, the initial xx-coordinate of the ii-th kid is xixi, the running velocity of the ii-th kid is constant and equal to vivi.
Suzumo wants to assign a running direction (left or right, i.e. in the direction of decreasing or increasing xx-coordinate) to each kid; the children start running at time 00 in the assigned directions. Afterwards, Suzumo will measure the smallest time tt at which some kid passes another one. Help Suzumo compute the maximum time tt if he can assign the directions arbitrarily!
Note: Child ii passes child jj at time tijtij if their coordinates satisfy xi<xjxi<xj at any time t<tijt<tij and xi>xjxi>xj at any time t>tijt>tij, or if they satisfy xi>xjxi>xj at any time t<tijt<tij and xi<xjxi<xj at any time t>tijt>tij.
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer TT denoting the number of test cases. The description of TT test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains a single integer NN.
NN lines follow. For each valid ii, the ii-th of these lines contains two space-separated integers xixi and vivi.

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing one real number — the maximum possible time tt, or −1−1 if it is possible to assign directions in such a way that no kid ever passes another. Your answer will be considered correct if it has an absolute or relative error less than or equal to 10−610−6.
Constraints

1≤T≤1001≤T≤100
1≤N≤501≤N≤50
1≤xi,vi≤1091≤xi,vi≤109 for each valid ii
no two children have the same initial positions
                        Sample Input 1
                        

1
3
10 10
20 30
30 10

                        Sample Output 1
                        

0.5
Explanation
Example case 1: One optimal assignment of directions is left, right, right.

Author:
7★alei
Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/RUNDIR
Tags:

               
                 Greedy, Sorting, Binary Search
                 
                     
                     Algorithms, Searching
                 
               
             
             

                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

2379
Date Added:
15-04-2018
Time Limit:
1 secs
Source Limit:
50000 Bytes
Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM

Submit