
 
Fluffy the squirrel is playing with strings today. Today, he is given a string s consisting of lowercase letters. Every second, he can shift a letter to the left or right. For example, if the current letter is c, then he can change it to b or d in one second. Note that if we shift z to the right it becomes a and similarly a becomes z when shifted to the left.

Now, Fluffy has k seconds to spare and he would like to shift the letters of the string, such that it becomes a palindrome. A palindrome is a string that reads the same from the left and from the right. For instance, "aibohphobia", "lol", "x", "eye" and "racecar" are all examples of palindromes.
In addition, among all the palindromes he can create, he wants the lexicographically smallest such palindrome. A string s is smaller than a string t of the same length if for the smallest i such that si != ti, we have si < ti. In informal terms, this means that s appears before t if they are placed in a dictionary. For example, azz is lexicographically smaller than baa.

Find the lexicographically smallest string Fluffy can achieve within k seconds. (note that he may choose not to move at any point)
 
Input
The first line of the input contains an integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows. For each test case, there will be two lines. The first line contains k, the number of seconds Fluffy can spend. The next line contains a string s, denoting the string Fluffy was given.
Output
For each test case, output a single line containing the lexicographically smallest palindrome t that can be obtained by Fluffy in k seconds. If it is impossible to obtain such a palindrome, output -1 on the line instead.
Constraints

1 ≤ T ≤ 5
Length of s does not exceed 100000
1 ≤ k ≤ 1000000

Subtasks

Subtask 1 (20 points) : Length of s does not exceed 5
Subtask 2 (39 points) : s is guaranteed to be a palindrome
Subtask 3 (41 points) : Original Constraints

Example
Input:
2
6
ez
6
abcdef

Output:
aa
-1

 
Explanation
Example case 1. We can shift the letter e left 4 times and the letter z right 1 time. This takes 5 seconds which is not more than the given 6 seconds and clearly aa is the lexicographically smallest palindrome Fluffy can get.

Example case 2. It is impossible to transform the string into a palindrome in 6 seconds.


Author:
6★zscoder
Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/MCO16103
Tags:

               
                 easy, greedy, zscoder
                 
               
             
             

                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

N/A
Date Added:
18-10-2016
Time Limit:
1 secs
Source Limit:
50000 Bytes
Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3

Submit