
Read problems statements in Hindi, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, Vietnamese and Bengali as well.
Some elephants have decided to drink water from a pond. The pond may be considered a grid with NN rows (numbered 11 through NN) and NN columns (numbered 11 through NN). There are 4N4N elephants and they stand at the perimeter of the pond in such a way that there is exactly one elephant at the top and bottom of each column and at the left and right end of each row.
Since elephants can only see straight, in order to drink, an elephant must stretch its trunk over and into the pond. If an elephant's trunk has length LL, it covers LL nearest cells to the elephant in the elephant's row or column. For example, for an elephant with trunk length 33 standing at the south side of column 22, its trunk should cover cells (N,2)(N,2), (N−1,2)(N−1,2) and (N−2,2)(N−2,2).
Since elephant herds have a strict hierarchy, the elephants on each side of the pond order themselves in such a way that their trunk lengths are either non-increasing or non-decreasing. 
It is guaranteed that the trunks of elephants at the opposite ends of a row or column will never touch each other. But it is still possible for the trunks of some elephants (which are on adjacent sides) to touch or intersect in this scenario. The trunks of two elephants touch if there is at least one cell they both cover. The elephants do not want this to happen, so some of them have to leave. Your task is to find the minimum number of elephants that have to be removed from this arrangement so that no two remaining elephants' trunks touch each other.
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer TT denoting the number of test cases. The description of TT test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains a single integer NN.
The second line contains NN space-separated integers Ln,1,Ln,2,…,Ln,NLn,1,Ln,2,…,Ln,N, where Ln,iLn,i denotes the length of the trunk of the elephant at the north side of column ii.
The third line contains NN space-separated integers Ls,1,Ls,2,…,Ls,NLs,1,Ls,2,…,Ls,N, where Ls,iLs,i denotes the length of the trunk of the elephant at the south side of column ii.
The fourth line contains NN space-separated integers Le,1,Le,2,…,Le,NLe,1,Le,2,…,Le,N, where Le,iLe,i denotes the length of the trunk of the elephant at the east side of row ii.
The fifth line contains NN space-separated integers Lw,1,Lw,2,…,Lw,NLw,1,Lw,2,…,Lw,N, where Lw,iLw,i denotes the length of the trunk of the elephant at the west side of row ii.

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing one integer — the minimum number of elephants to remove.
Constraints

1≤T≤1,0001≤T≤1,000
1≤N≤10,0001≤N≤10,000
0≤Ld,i≤N0≤Ld,i≤N for each valid ii and direction dd
for each direction dd, the sequence Ld,1,Ld,2,…,Ld,NLd,1,Ld,2,…,Ld,N is monotonous (ie. either monotonically increasing, or monotonically decreasing)
Ln,i+Ls,i≤NLn,i+Ls,i≤N for each valid ii
Le,i+Lw,i≤NLe,i+Lw,i≤N for each valid ii
the sum of NN over all test cases does not exceed 10,00010,000
                        Sample Input 1
                        

2
2
1 1
1 1
1 1
1 1
2
1 2
1 0
0 0
0 0

                        Sample Output 1
                        

4
0
Explanation
Example case 1: The elephant on the North side at column 1 and the elephant on the West side at row 1 have their trunks touching each other. Similarly, there are three other intersections. You can check that you need to remove at least 4 elephants.

Author:
admin2
Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/ELEPPOND
Tags:

               
                 Bipartite Graphs, Segment Trees, Maximum Flow, Maximum Bipartite Matching, BFS
                 
                     
                     Data Structures, Graphs, Advanced Data Structures, Advanced Tree Structures, Advanced Algorithms, Advanced Graph Algos, Flow Networks, Algorithms, Graph Algos, Traversals
                 
               
             
             

                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

3368
Date Added:
13-11-2018
Time Limit:
1.5 secs
Source Limit:
50000 Bytes
Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM

Submit